hi this is Matt from buy jump ropes
dotnet and I have Heather here today to
help us look at some intermediate tricks
and she's going to demonstrate those for
us
now that you've worked on your basic
tricks we're going to teach you 13
intermediate tricks that help build on
that foundation help you come in a
better rope Jumper first we're going to
start the first trick is a full turn
that is going to do a side swing follow
the rope around it's always looking at
it
one more time opens up for arms and
jumps through it
next is called the heel to heel that's
two touches of the heel on each side
little done next is the toe to toe very
similar except it's in the back toe
touches in the back two on each side
next trick is called a 180 foot 180 turn
she's going to face you side swing and
then jump backwards notice that she
turns the same way she side swings one
more time great next move is called the
backward 180 she's going to start facing
backwards she's going to side swing
follow it and begin turning backwards
one more time
side swing follow it and backwards next
move is called heel toe heel toe just
going to stick your heel out touch the
same foot back with your toe alternating
back and forth then we have the kick
swing
kicking out alternating feet next move
is called peekaboo to touch out touch in
right foot out right foot in left foot
out left foot in next trick is called a
full turn let's get a side sway go
backwards which is called a 360 turn
she's going to combine the 180 and a
both 180s together again she's calling
it Decker's jump pulls it forward jump
next move is called the twister twisting
those hips back up our next move is kind
of fun it's called can-can knee up and
kick knee up and kick
okay the next moves called a side swing
cross she's going to do a side swing and
whatever side she is on that hand is
going to cross over elbow to elbow
making lots of room to get through that
rope well done
okay we're going to end up with some
double unders double unders kind of
tough you want to flick that wrist real
hard and found up a little higher than
normal
what if she's doing some basic jumps in
between this helps her with the time
line and she's going to end up with a
flurry of a few in a row here well done
Heather so those are 13 intermediate
tricks great tool for you to help you
become a more advanced jumper in the
future we're card and you can get it